README.md, before:

***Hello everyone!***

Aiming to enhance the experience of Total War: Warhammer III online scene players, I decided to develop this discord bot.

As for current functionality, bot supports a number of commands. Every one of them needs a ! prefix to be called. Currently, bot is intended to work with 4 gamemodes: Land, Conquest, Domination and Lucky-Test. To simplify the use, each of them can be used in a short form when using commands (l, c, d, lt accordingly).

Among these commands are:

­

!q (!queue) [mode] to queue up in one of supported modes.

!e (!exit, !dequeue, !leave, !dq) to leave the queue or match.

!r (!result) [win/loss/w/l] to report the result of your current game.

!lb (!leaderboard, !top) [mode] to show the leaderboard with best players in chosen mode, based on their ELO.

!h (!history) to view the history of your latest 10 matches.

!elo [mode] to get a graph with your ELO changes over time.

!myelo to get your ELO numbers from all of the modes.

!balance to get your tokens balance. Tokens can be used for bets.

!bet [amount] [member] to bet chosen amount of tokens on one of the players who are currently in a match. You can only bet once on an ongoing match.

!bet_history to get your history of bets. 

!m (!matches) to see the list of currently ongoing matches.

­

Along with the change of ladder's competetive seasons I plan to introduce new features, so stay tuned and let me now if there is something in particular you'd like to see!

Commit message:

Update readme, fix ELO accumulation and formatting

README.md, after:

***Hello everyone!***

Aiming to enhance the experience of Total War: Warhammer III online scene players, I decided to develop this discord bot.

As for current functionality, bot supports a number of commands. Every one of them needs a ! prefix to be called. Currently, bot is intended to work with 4 gamemodes: Land, Conquest, Domination and Lucky-Test. To simplify the use, each of them can be used in a short form when using commands (l, c, d, ld accordingly).

Among these commands are:

­

!q (!queue) [mode] to queue up in one of supported modes.

!e (!exit, !dequeue, !leave, !dq) to leave the queue or match.

!r (!result) [win/loss/w/l] to report the result of your current game.

!lb (!leaderboard, !top) [mode] to show the leaderboard with best players in chosen mode, based on their ELO.

!h (!history) to view the history of your latest 10 matches.

!elo [mode] to get a graph with your ELO changes over time.

!myelo to get your ELO numbers from all of the modes.

!balance to get your tokens balance. Tokens can be used for bets.

!bet [amount] [member] to bet chosen amount of tokens on one of the players who are currently in a match. You can only bet once on an ongoing match.

!bet_history to get your history of bets. 

!m (!matches) to see the list of currently ongoing matches.


­

**Patch 1 update** 
<br>
Starting with season 1, buttons for blind picks in luckydice mode have been introduced, alongside several small changes.

Along with the change of ladder's competetive seasons I plan to introduce new features, so stay tuned and let me now if there is something in particular you'd like to see!
